Add example to demonstrate how to use SAP BTP service binding (#1625)
kyma-project/serverless: examples/use-sap-btp-service/README.md

# Overview

This example demostrates a Serverless Function that reads mounted service binding using [`@sap/xsenv`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sap/xsenv) in order to communicate with SAP BTP service instances. In this specific case, a Function is bound to a SAP BTP Objest Store service instance to read the objects from the store.

> **NOTE:** Please note, that resulting Storage Classes of Object Store Service are dependant on the underlying IaaS (see the [documentation](https://help.sap.com/docs/object-store/object-store-service-on-sap-btp/service-plans-and-entitlements-26c3918cae3049a7bb3aaa3c0b4edb55?version=Cloud&locale=en-US)). This example was written with the assumption that the SAP BTP subaccount is created on top of AWS IaaS and therefore  `@aws-sdk/client-s3` library is used in the Function code.

## Prerequisites

- Kyma cluster with [Serverless, API-Gateway and BTP-Operator modules installed](https://kyma-project.io/#/02-get-started/01-quick-install)
- Entitlement to [Object Store](https://help.sap.com/docs/object-store?locale=en-US) service usage on SAP BTP Platform (S3 compliant plan)

### Prerequisistes for Shared Service Instance Variant 

> This example comes with a variant (commented out by default) that is based on the service instance sharing feature of the SAP BTP Platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example includes a variant (commented out by default) based on SAP BTP's service instance sharing feature. 
```

> In that variant, an actual shared instance of Object Store service is needed together with the credentials for a Service Manager service binding belonging to the same BTP Subaccount where the `objectstore` instance is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It requires an actual shared instance of the Object Store service together with the credentials for a Service Manager service binding belonging to the same SAP BTP Subaccount where the `objectstore` instance is deployed.
```

> To follow the variant with shared service instance: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the variant with the shared service instance, follow these steps: 
```

>  1. Uncomment the secret generation part in the `kustomization.yaml` file an replace the `object-store-service-instance.yaml` with `object-store-service-reference-instance.yaml` in the resource listing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Uncomment the Secret generation part in the `kustomization.yaml` file and replace `object-store-service-instance.yaml` with `object-store-service-reference-instance.yaml` in the resource listing. 
```

>  2. Create a new `k8s-resources/service-manager-credentials.env` file from `k8s-resources/service-manager-credentials-template.env` with the values from Service Manager service binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Create a new `k8s-resources/service-manager-credentials.env` file from `k8s-resources/service-manager-credentials-template.env` with the values from the Service Manager service binding.
```

> If you want to explore this variant, read more on how to map shared service instances [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/namespace-level-mapping?locale=en-US&version=Cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to explore this variant, read more on [how to map shared service instances](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/namespace-level-mapping?locale=en-US&version=Cloud).
```
